README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

### step 12.2

- Ryan’s note: Creating our repository was straightforward and the
  instructions made it clear.
- Mason’s note: Our repository was already created, but I know how to
  create one my following the instructions.

### step 12.3

- Ryan’s note: I had accidentally skipped the git configuration part
  when creating the R Studio project but it was an easy fix; I have
  experience with git commands in the terminal.

- Ishan’s note: I successfully cloned the project from the github repo
  on RStudio on my computer.

- I was able to add a new project in R studio from the git repository. I
  had previous git experience from other classes, so it took a little
  longer to figure out the R studio method than to just use the
  terminal.

### step 12.4

- Ryan’s note: Instructions make it clear on how to commit using R
  Studio, but I think I would rather use git commands in the terminal
  since I’m already comfortable with that.

- Ishan’s note: I wrote this line in RStudio and saved the changes to
  the md file.

### step 12.5

- Ryan’s note: Similar to step 12.4, instructions were clear and I had
  no problems using R Studio’s UI to make changes to the remote
  repository.

- Ishan’s note: I pushed my changes many times but didn’t see anything
  on the repo. Update: I was trying to push without comitting, so the
  repo wasn’t updating.

### step 12.6

- Ryan’s note: Able to see my changes from the previous steps and the
  message from R Studio in the readme.

- Ishan’s note: I can see my changes in the github repo.

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

Commit message:

Mason's second commit, knitting to update md file and finishing last answers

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

### step 12.2

- Ryan’s note: Creating our repository was straightforward and the
  instructions made it clear.
- Mason’s note: Our repository was already created, but I know how to
  create one my following the instructions.

### step 12.3

- Ryan’s note: I had accidentally skipped the git configuration part
  when creating the R Studio project but it was an easy fix; I have
  experience with git commands in the terminal.

- Ishan’s note: I successfully cloned the project from the github repo
  on RStudio on my computer.

- Mason’s note: I was able to add a new project in R studio from the git
  repository. I had previous git experience from other classes, so it
  took a little longer to figure out the R studio method than to just
  use the terminal.

### step 12.4

- Ryan’s note: Instructions make it clear on how to commit using R
  Studio, but I think I would rather use git commands in the terminal
  since I’m already comfortable with that.

- Ishan’s note: I wrote this line in RStudio and saved the changes to
  the md file.

- Mason’s note: this line was written in R studio

### step 12.5

- Ryan’s note: Similar to step 12.4, instructions were clear and I had
  no problems using R Studio’s UI to make changes to the remote
  repository.

- Ishan’s note: I pushed my changes many times but didn’t see anything
  on the repo. Update: I was trying to push without comitting, so the
  repo wasn’t updating.

- Mason’s note: I got a commit and push to work at first, though I
  forgot to knit recently so it wasn’t properly updated

### step 12.6

- Ryan’s note: Able to see my changes from the previous steps and the
  message from R Studio in the readme.

- Ishan’s note: I can see my changes in the github repo.

- Mason’s note: I can see my commits pushed to the remote repo

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.
